README.md, before:

## Welcome to my GitHub Profile 👋
- 😁 My name is Danylo Pavenko, pronounce like [da-ni-lo].
- 💻 I'm Fullstack Software Developer and Solution Architector since 2013, use daily: `*.kt, *.xml, *.java, *.ts, `.
- ⚡ I love Kotlin/Java and develop for Android (sometimes iOS on Swift) and for a Backend with Ktor, NodeJS (NestJS, ExpressJS), latest time develop Smart-Contract with Solidity for EVM blockchains.

### 📡 Connect with me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-danylopavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danylopavenko/)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-danylo.pavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/danylo.pavenko)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-danylo__pavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/danylo_pavenko/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-Write_Me-informational?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:daniil.pavenko@gmail.com)

### 🛠  Technologies and tools

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white" alt="Android logo" title="Android" height="25" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-282C34?logo=android&logoColor=3DDC84&style=for-the-badge" alt="Android logo" title="Android" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-282C34?logo=kotlin&logoColor=7f52ff&style=for-the-badge" alt="Kotlin logo" title="Kotlin" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-282C34?logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E&style=for-the-badge" alt="JavaScript logo" title="JavaScript" height="25" /> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-282C34?logo=typescript&logoColor=3178C6&style=for-the-badge" alt="TypeScript logo" title="TypeScript" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-282C34?logo=eslint&logoColor=4B32C3&style=for-the-badge" alt="ESLint logo" title="ESLint" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-282C34?logo=git&logoColor=F05032&style=for-the-badge" alt="git logo" title="git" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-282C34?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC&style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Code logo" title="Visual Studio Code" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fastlane-282C34?logo=fastlane&logoColor=00F200&style=for-the-badge" alt="Fastlane logo" title="Fastlane" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-282C34?logo=node.js&logoColor=339933&style=for-the-badge" alt="Node.js logo" title="Node.js" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-282C34?logo=gradle&logoColor=339933&style=for-the-badge" alt="Gradle logo" title="Gradlew" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NPM-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=NPM&logoColor=white" alt="NPM" title="NPM" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white&logoColor=3178C6" alt="Docker" title="Docker" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" alt="Solidity" title="Solidity" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="Postgres" title="Postgres" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/material%20design-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=material%20design&logoColor=white" alt="Material Design" title="Material Design" height="25" />
</p>

<p>
<img height="137px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=danylo-pavenko&title_color=3498db&text_color=2ecc71&icon_color=3498db&bg_color=00000000&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=true"> 
<img height="137px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=danylo-pavenko&hide=html&hide_title=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact&langs_count=6&exclude_repo=comp426,Redventures-Movie-Quotes&text_color=2ecc71&icon_color=fff&theme=graywhite&bg_color=00000000" /> 
</p>

<img align="center" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="500" height="320" />

<br>

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/danylopavenko" target="_blank">
  <img width="18%" alt="Buy me a coffee" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onimur/.github/master/.resources/support-buy-coffee.png"/>
</a>

</br>

<!--
**danylo-pavenko/danylo-pavenko** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on IT Outsource, Outstuffing agency.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to build strong business process and scale up SaaS products.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on IT Recrutment, IT Outsourcing.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with setup develoment department, team or workflow of software development.
- 💬 Ask me about how to delivery my idea to production.
- 📫 How to reach me: [Telegram](https://t.me/danylopavenko).
- ⚡ Fun fact: My hobby thats fly on Tecnam P2002JF as a student-pilot in the pilot club.
-->

Commit message:

Revamp GitHub profile introduction and details

README.md, after:

## Welcome to my GitHub 👋  

Hey! I’m **Danylo Pavenko** (pronounced *da-ni-lo*).  

I’m not just a developer who writes code and waits for tasks.  
I’m a **Product Engineer** — someone who can take an idea from *“does this even make sense?”* to a measurable, working product.

### What that actually means:
- 💡 I help **validate product hypotheses**, not just implement features  
- 📊 I think in **metrics, funnels, and outcomes**, not only tickets  
- 🧠 I have a **business mindset** and understand why something is being built  
- 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 If needed, I can **hire and scale a team**, set processes, and own delivery  
- 📈 I measure results and iterate — code is a tool, not the goal

### Tech-wise:
- 💻 Fullstack Engineer & Solution Architect (since **2013**)  
- ❤️ Strong focus on **Kotlin / Java** (Android is my home turf)  
- 🔧 Backend: **Ktor**, **Node.js** (NestJS, Express)  
- 📱 Mobile: Android daily, sometimes **iOS (Swift)**  
- ⛓️ Recently working with **Solidity** and EVM smart contracts  

If you’re looking for someone who can **build, validate, ship, and improve a product** — not just “close tasks” — you’re in the right place.

### 📡 Connect with me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-danylopavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danylopavenko/)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-danylo.pavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/danylo.pavenko)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-danylo__pavenko-informational?style=flat-square&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/danylo_pavenko/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-Write_Me-informational?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:daniil.pavenko@gmail.com)

### 🛠  Technologies and tools

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white" alt="Android logo" title="Android" height="25" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-282C34?logo=android&logoColor=3DDC84&style=for-the-badge" alt="Android logo" title="Android" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-282C34?logo=kotlin&logoColor=7f52ff&style=for-the-badge" alt="Kotlin logo" title="Kotlin" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-282C34?logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E&style=for-the-badge" alt="JavaScript logo" title="JavaScript" height="25" /> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-282C34?logo=typescript&logoColor=3178C6&style=for-the-badge" alt="TypeScript logo" title="TypeScript" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-282C34?logo=eslint&logoColor=4B32C3&style=for-the-badge" alt="ESLint logo" title="ESLint" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-282C34?logo=git&logoColor=F05032&style=for-the-badge" alt="git logo" title="git" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-282C34?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC&style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Code logo" title="Visual Studio Code" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fastlane-282C34?logo=fastlane&logoColor=00F200&style=for-the-badge" alt="Fastlane logo" title="Fastlane" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-282C34?logo=node.js&logoColor=339933&style=for-the-badge" alt="Node.js logo" title="Node.js" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-282C34?logo=gradle&logoColor=339933&style=for-the-badge" alt="Gradle logo" title="Gradlew" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NPM-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=NPM&logoColor=white" alt="NPM" title="NPM" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white&logoColor=3178C6" alt="Docker" title="Docker" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" alt="Solidity" title="Solidity" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="Postgres" title="Postgres" height="25" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/material%20design-282C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=material%20design&logoColor=white" alt="Material Design" title="Material Design" height="25" />
</p>

<p>
<img height="137px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=danylo-pavenko&title_color=3498db&text_color=2ecc71&icon_color=3498db&bg_color=00000000&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=true"> 
<img height="137px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=danylo-pavenko&hide=html&hide_title=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact&langs_count=6&exclude_repo=comp426,Redventures-Movie-Quotes&text_color=2ecc71&icon_color=fff&theme=graywhite&bg_color=00000000" /> 
</p>

<img align="center" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="500" height="320" />

<br>

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/danylopavenko" target="_blank">
  <img width="18%" alt="Buy me a coffee" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onimur/.github/master/.resources/support-buy-coffee.png"/>
</a>

</br>

<!--
**danylo-pavenko/danylo-pavenko** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on IT Outsource, Outstuffing agency.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to build strong business process and scale up SaaS products.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on IT Recrutment, IT Outsourcing.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with setup develoment department, team or workflow of software development.
- 💬 Ask me about how to delivery my idea to production.
- 📫 How to reach me: [Telegram](https://t.me/danylopavenko).
- ⚡ Fun fact: My hobby thats fly on Tecnam P2002JF as a student-pilot in the pilot club.
-->
